#summary descriptions of PhpMyLibrary

Navigation > [Welcome Main Page] / PhpMyLibrary

= sourceforge.net =

phpMyLibrary is a PHP MySQL Library automation application. The program consist of cataloging, circulation, and the webpac module. The programs also has an import export feature. The program strictly follow the USMARC standard for adding materials.

= en.wikipedia.org =

PhpMyLibrary is a PHP MySQL Library automation application. The program consists of cataloging, circulation, and webpac modules. The programs also has an import-export feature. The program strictly follows the USMARC standard for adding materials, which is the official Machine Readable Cataloging (MARC) format for digital catalogs for libraries in the United States.

The application is popular in certain academic environments such as small university libraries.

PhpMyLibrary was developed by Polerio T. Babao III as his academic undergraduate thesis in the Institute of Library and Information Science, University of the Philippines, Diliman. Though the initial release was made in 2001 as shown at Sourceforge.net, the final code was done in 2003 and eventually released as an open source library system following Koha, the first of the open source integrated library systems. Unfortunately the thesis wasn't successful. As of 2006, PhpMyLibrary has been used worldwide by small libraries that handle 10,000 to 100,000 catalog records. The PhpMyLibrary is now part of the three popular open source library systems worldwide: Koha, OpenBiblio, and PhpMyLibrary.